feat: Adding information about billing address shipping address (#28509)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/attributes/autocomplete/index.md

  - : A company or organization name, such as "Acme Widget Company" or "Girl Scouts of America".
- "`street-address`"
  - : A street address. This can be multiple lines of text, and should fully identify the location of the address within its second administrative level (typically a city or town), but should not include the city name, ZIP or postal code, or country name.

>     > **Note:** a user's address to send their desired good and the transaction address can be distinguished by use the following tokens next to this value:
>     >
>     > - "`shipping`": means the given street address is where to send the product or act of service.
>     > - "`billing`": means the provided street address is where to send the receipt of the purchased product or service.

Reviewer: We don't necessarily need to add a note for this info. Let's add the following text after "`postal-code`":

```suggestion
  - "`shipping`"
     - : The street address to send the product. This can be combined with other tokens, such as "`shipping street-address`" and "`shipping address-level2`".
  - "`billing`"
     - : The street address to associate with the form of payment used. This can be combined with other tokens, such as "`billing street-address`" and "`billing address-level2`".
```
